README.md, before:

# plastic-element-collection
A Collection of Polymer Elements to Provide Greater Flexibility/Plasticity to Your Designs

| Element | Description | Webcomponents.org | Polymer 2.x | Polymer 1.x |
| ------- | ----------- |:-----------------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|
| plastic-image | Extends `iron-image` with srcset, lazy loading, webp support | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/plastic-image) | Native, class based | No |
| plastic-aspect-ratio | Container element where the _height_ depends on the _width_ | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/plastic-aspect-ratio) | Native, class based | No |
| plastic-map-info | A more flexible, composable infowindow for Google Maps | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/plastic-map-info) | Native, class based | prior 1.x version [paper-map-info](https://github.com/mlisook/paper-map-info) |
| plastic-map-marker-svg | Custom SVG marker icons for google-map | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/plastic-map-marker-svg) | Native, class based | No |
| paper-input-place | Google Places autocomplete with paper-input | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/paper-input-place) | Hybrid | Hybrid |
| resize-aware | Container element that detects and notifies changes to the size of its size | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/resize-aware) | Hybrid | Hybrid |

Commit message:

update for resize-aware version

README.md, after:

# plastic-element-collection
A Collection of Polymer Elements to Provide Greater Flexibility/Plasticity to Your Designs

| Element | Description | Webcomponents.org | Polymer 2.x | Polymer 1.x |
| ------- | ----------- |:-----------------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|
| plastic-image | Extends `iron-image` with srcset, lazy loading, webp support | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/plastic-image) | Native, class based | No |
| plastic-aspect-ratio | Container element where the _height_ depends on the _width_ | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/plastic-aspect-ratio) | Native, class based | No |
| plastic-map-info | A more flexible, composable infowindow for Google Maps | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/plastic-map-info) | Native, class based | prior 1.x version [paper-map-info](https://github.com/mlisook/paper-map-info) |
| plastic-map-marker-svg | Custom SVG marker icons for google-map | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/plastic-map-marker-svg) | Native, class based | No |
| paper-input-place | Google Places autocomplete with paper-input | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/paper-input-place) | Hybrid | Hybrid |
| resize-aware | Container element that detects and notifies changes to the size of its size | [link](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/mlisook/resize-aware) | Native, class based | Hybrid, use version 1.9.1 |
